virtual page:8	op:write
page0replaced
virtual page:7	op:write
page1replaced
virtual page:4	op:write
page2replaced
virtual page:6	op:write
page3replaced
virtual page:13	op:write
page4replaced
virtual page:1	op:write
page5replaced
virtual page:3	op:write
page6replaced
virtual page:1	op:read
hit
virtual page:19	op:write
page7replaced
virtual page:2	op:write
page8replaced
virtual page:4	op:read
hit
virtual page:15	op:write
page9replaced
virtual page:16	op:write
page0replaced
virtual page:12	op:write
page1replaced
virtual page:8	op:read
page0replaced
virtual page:13	op:write
hit
virtual page:14	op:read
page2replaced
virtual page:9	op:read
page0replaced
virtual page:19	op:write
hit
virtual page:5	op:write
page1replaced
